microsoft-atp (#6230)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/Integrations/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection_description.md

> To allow us access to Windows Defender, an admin has to approve our app using an admin consent flow, by clicking on the following [link](https://oproxy.demisto.ninja/ms-defender-atp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow us access to Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection, an admin has to approve our app using an admin consent flow, by clicking on the following [link](https://oproxy.demisto.ninja/ms-defender-atp).
```
